Hmm, hmm.
Hmm.
Ah, ah.
Your Majesty, how is the Empress Dowager?
Father and Mother are no longer in serious condition.
That’s good.
It seems that reciting scriptures and praying still has some effect.
Since you’re so worried about Mother,
why not
Why not what?
Why not have a prince to cheer up Mother?
It’s getting late, my lady.
Let’s go tonight to cheer up Mother, shall we?
Report from the Ci Ning Palace:
The Empress Dowager’s condition has suddenly worsened.
Your Majesty,
I have checked the Empress Dowager’s pulse.
From the pulse,
the Empress Dowager’s health doesn’t seem unusual.
As for why she has been unwell,
I believe it may not be related to the Empress Dowager herself.
What is it then?
There’s something I’m not sure if I should say.
Perhaps the Empress Dowager has been cursed.
I’ve reviewed the records,
and there are indeed historical accounts of such things.
Cursed? Is someone really bold enough to use dark arts?
Get someone to immediately search the palace.
Leave no corner unchecked.
Turn this place inside out.
During this investigation,
no one is allowed to enter any palace.
Anyone who tries to force their way in
will be killed on the spot.